This will probably sound weird. But, there was this person that i met, she told me something about a non-zero sum game. It was when someone's loss or gain does not affect the other's loss or gain. This vast universe of reality is like a complete sense of humanity, where the reality depends on what we think of humanity. Much like what is life itself if everyone is perfect. In which case everyone is not perfect. The significant role in defining what the meaning of life is, is not being perfect through the use of how we measure what is perfect and what is not. Much like what is right or what is wrong. I'm only writing this long jsut to say that i actually likes your presence. And yes, i am talking about you the whole time. By this time i have already received 9 notifications from you, including your asthma problem. Now that i think of it, i just remembered how you have this. I am not really an open person, but for a while now, i have been very open to you when it comes to my personal, i meant private life. You may see me as a person who shares a lot. And yes, i actually do share a lot, but not about me, not about my problems, psychologically, and stuff. I don't know what makes me so confortable just by hearing your voice, but i already shared a lot to you compared to my doctor. No, this is not a confession, just because i said you make me comfortable, and i like you, doesn't mean that it's a confession/romatically. I am very aware of everything i am doing, (or atleast i think so.) just to get it out of my chest, did you know i actually find your voice super cute. and your personality too. On my last session last year, my doctor mentioned me that i may have BSD, now i don't know what that is. But i think it is the reason why i'm always like this. You said that you never said you're gonna leave, and that makes me feel like you will leave. You may call me "sadboi", and i don't really care. Why the fuck am i still writing? because i don't know how to end this shit, and i don't know if i will send this to you. I don't want to be attached by someone because it makes me feel like when i did, i may never be the same. There are times that i don't even know what i'm doing is, much more like uncertainity, sometimes i just do something and never really knows why. Just like how i'm always angry at someone, annoyed, and more. By doing this, i'm already thinking about when you read this, you'll probably say that i am weird, and that would make our encounters, awkward. I don't really have a lot of friends, hell all of my friends are actually not my friends anymore, they left, or i left because i feel like they don't really like me. You see, a lot of people say that i am smart. But at what point if i don't have someone. No, i won't leave. But shit, i'll be busy for 3-4 days, i have someone named maya who is helping me create the website, she's pretty helpful, she's from lebanon, she's lebanese. Now why am i saying all of this? Because i want to have a good sleep, and i wont have it unless i didn't explain everything. It's a zero-sum game. But this time, it was when you got the reason, and i got the answer. :) 